[Autogenerated] Let's look at where we're gonna cover in
module one to kick off the course.
So first, we're gonna do some review.
Maybe you've worked with Docker Compose in the past,
but you haven't used a lot lately.
Or maybe you've heard of kubernetes.
Maybe even watched one of my previous courses or another,
but just haven't had a chance to use it much.
Well,
we're going to start things off with a quick review of what Docker Compose is.
Well, look at the Yamil talk about services,
bridge networks and things like that just to set the stage and get the
basics down in case you haven't used it recently.
Now, from there, we're gonna do the same thing with kubernetes.
We're gonna review what Kubernetes nodes are the master node and worker nodes.
And then we'll go into a quick overview of some of
the different resource is again.
If you've already watched the previous courses in
learning path or worked with kubernetes,
you should already know a lot of this.
But it'll be a quick overview, just in case you haven't touched it for a while.
Finally,
we're gonna wrap up with what I think is the most
interesting part of this module,
and that is we're gonna take a Docker Compose file the YAML file.
And I'm gonna show you how we can map parts of that two
different kubernetes resource is.
Ultimately, that means we're gonna be mapping parts of one file too many files,
so kind of a one to many scenario between one Docker Compose and many
kubernetes resource XAML files Understanding that's pretty critical.
Because although I'm going to show you how we can
automate this with some tools later, you might,
at some point want to to tweak or change what these tools generate.
So knowing about these options and the mapping between these kind of two worlds,
if you will, is important.
That's why we're gonna go over. Let's go ahead and jump right in, then to a review on Docker Compose.